Simulate a scanner using an Arduino

See http://docshare04.docshare.tips/files/26226/262269318.pdf

http://www.jpossoftware.com/jpos/Support/drivers/NCR/NCR7878ScannerScale/HighPer_Scanner-User-Guide.pdf

## Barcodes

Barcodes are used for two main things, (1) Products or PLUs identifying items and (2) Coupons that provide discounts to items.

There are a variety of different symbologies for barcodes. The symbology or how the barcode looks differs by such characteristics
as:
 - the types of characters that can be used in the barcode (numeric or alphanumeric characters)
 - the number of characters that can be used in the barcode
 - whether the barcode is a 1D or 2D code

For products rung up by a point of sale such as cans of Coca Cola or packages of cookies, the barcode is fairly straightforward
and is composed of a series of digits indicating the PLU. The PLU digits indicate the manufacturer as well as the specific
item. A manufacturer is provided a range of barcode values they are allowed to use and the manufacturer decides what specific
barcode is assigned to a particular product.

Manufacturer coupons that contain a barcode have a format that indicates the manufacturer as well as what products the coupons
can be used to discount.

Some types of barcodes such as the barcodes generated by a delicatessan scale are different from manufacturer barcodes. These
barcodes contain other information besides the PLU identifier. The barcode may include the weight as well as the PLU number
as in a half pound of chicken salad.

### Main types of barcodes

The UPC (UNIVERSAL PRODUCT CODE) barcode is used for food and consumer goods in the USA and Canada. It is similar to the European EAN.
The UPC is a numeric code. There are two types, UPC-A with 12 digits and UPC-E with 6 digits. The last digit is the check digit.

The EAN (EUROPEAN ARTICEL NUMBERING) is used for labelling food and consumer goods in Europe. The first two numbers indicate the country
code, the following numbers the manufacturer and the article. The EAN code is a numeric
code with 13 or 8 digits. The last two digits are check-digits.

The UPC A is compatible with EAN 13: If EAN 13 is printed with a 0 (zero) as the first digit,
this code has the same bar sequences as the UPC A code.

## Scanner protocol

The scanner sends a barcode wrapped in a scanner message composed of a series of characters.
 - STX (0x02) Start of Transmission character
 - barcode symbology character
 - 
 - ETX (0x03) End of Transmission character

## Built in barcodes

The scanner simulator has a table of barcodes of the various types of codes. Using the simulator
requires that a particular barcode from the table is selected for transmission.

     PLU number/barcode                           Description
                                      Package of Nabisco cookies (PLU)
                                      can of Coca Cola (PLU)
                                      half gallon carton of milk (PLU)
                                      container of chicken breasts (PLU with weight)
                                  
      Coupon number/barcode                       Description
                                       0.50 off two half gallon cartons of milk
                                       
                                       
     
