Simulate a Weigh-Tronix scale using an Arduino Uno.

The Weigh-Tronix scale protocol SCP-01 or Serial Communications Protocol is a simple protocol used by scale manufacturers
to provide communication between a point of sale terminal and a scale. As part of working with a point of sale software,
I realized that rather than spending a couple of hundred dollars for a scale, I could write a simple Arduino application
and provide a scale simulator.

I am providing a simple Visual Studio 2019 C++ console application to run on a PC to test the Arduino sketch and the Arduino sketch itself.

In order to provide a simple user interface to modify the measurement and status data of the messages generated by the Arduino sketch, I allow the
use of a membrane keypad to be used to modify the weight reported, the units of weight reported, and several of the status indicators. Using the
membrane keypad allows for the data and status to be modified while the simulator is in use and the serial communications is being used by the
point of sale application and unavailable to any other application. Plus it was kind of a cool thing to add.

Avery Weigh-Tronix provides a PDF of the SCP-01 protocol specification at https://www.averyweigh-tronix.com/globalassets/products/postal-scales/postal-software-downloads-and-drivers/nci-protocol-serial-rs-232/wtcomm-activex-control/document-3--nci-standard.pdf

The basics are in comments in the Arduino sketch and replicated below:

      * Key to symbols used in the message descriptions following:
      *     <ETX> End of Text character (0x03).
      *     <LF>  Line Feed character (0x0A).
      *     <CR>  Carriage Return character (0x0D).
      *     <SP>  Space (0x20).
      *     x     Weight characters from display including minus sign and out-of range characters.
      *     c     Message/menu (ie non-weight) characters from display.
      *     hh... Two or more status bytes.
      *     uu    Units of measure (lb, kg, oz, g, etc. using ANSI standard abbreviations).
      *
      * Name: Request weight
      *     Command:  W<CR>
      *     Response: Returns decimal weight (x1), units and status.
      *               <LF>xxxx.xxuu<CR><LF>hh...<CR><ETX>
      *               
      *               Returns lb-oz weight, units plus scale status.
      *               <LF>xxlb<SP>xx.xoz<CR><LF>hh...<CR><ETX>
      *               
      *               Returns contents of display (other than wt) with units and scale status.
      *               <LF>cccccccuu<CR><LF>hh...<CR><ETX
      * 
      * Name: Change units of measure
      *     Command:  U<CR>
      *     Response: Changes units of measure, returns new units and scale status.
      *               <LF>uu<CR><LF>hh...<CR><ETX>
      *               
      * Name: Request status
      *     Command:  S<CR>
      *     Response: Returns scale status.
      *               <LF>hh...<CR><ETX>
      *               
      *               Bit 0 is the least significant bit in the byte while bit 7 is the most significant bit.
      *               Bit   Status Byte 1        Status Byte 2             Status Byte 3 (opt)
      *                0    1 = Scale in motion   1 = Under capacity         00 = Low range
      *                     0 = Stable            0 = Not under capacity     01 = (undefined)
      *                                                                      10 = (undefined)
      *                1    1 = Scale at zero     1 = Over capacity          11 = High range
      *                     0 = Not at zero       0 = Not over capacity
      *                     
      *                2    1 = RAM error         1 = ROM error               1 = Net weight
      *                     0 = RAM okay          0 = ROM okay                0 = Gross weight
      *                     
      *                3    1 = EEPROM error      1 = Faulty calibration      1 = Initial zero error
      *                     0 = EEPROM okay       0 = Calibration okay        0 = Initial zero OK
      *                     
      *                4    Always 1              Always 1                    Always 1
      *                
      *                5    Always 1              Always 1                    Always 1
      *                
      *                6    Always 0              1 = Byte follows            1 = Byte follows
      *                                           0 = Last byte               0 = Last byte
      *                                           
      *                7    Parity                Parity                      Parity
      *                
      *                
      * Name: unrecognized command
      *     Command:  all others
      *     Response: Unrecognized command
      *               <LF>?<CR><ETX>
      *     
